Since this is an update for this course,
we're trying to standardize the application that we
used to build across multiple courses.
And we've opted to do a conference registration app,
and we're going to specifically focus on the model
and wiring of this application.
We're going to be looking at a conference application and the
configuration that we do throughout that.
We'll focus primarily on the model of that wiring so the session objects for
the conference session and the speakers for those sessions,
and we may add attendees in there as well to demonstrate all of the characteristics that we want to for wiring up this application.